updating older versioning api labels to specify patching (#2420)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/typescript/versioning-intro.md

---
id: versioning-intro
title: Introduction to versioning Workflow code in TypeScript
sidebar_label: Versioning
description: Use the TypeScript SDK's versioning features to update Workflow code.
tags:
  - typescript
  - workflow code
  - versioning
---

> The Temporal Platform requires that Workflow code is [deterministic](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-definition#deterministic-constraints) in nature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Temporal Platform requires that Workflow code is [deterministic](/concepts/what-is-a-workflow-definition#deterministic-constraints).
```

Because of that requirement, the Temporal TypeScript SDK offers two dedicated versioning features.

- [Workflow Patching APIs](/java/patching)
- [Worker Build Ids](/java/how-to-use-worker-versioning-in-java)

### Alternatives

> Before you explore dedicated versioning features, check if your needs can be addressed in other ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you explore dedicated versioning features, check whether your needs can be addressed in other ways:
```

- [Version Task Queue](#version-task-queue)
- [Version Workflow Name](#version-workflow-name)

> Both options mean that Workflows running `v1` code will never migrate to `v2` code: they will run `v1` code to completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both options mean that Workflows running `v1` code will never migrate to `v2` code; they will run `v1` code to completion.
```

> If you would like to update Workflows running `v1` _while they are still running_, you [may need to "patch in" code](#do-i-need-to-patch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to update Workflows running `v1` _while they are still running,_ you [might need to "patch in" code](#do-i-need-to-patch).
```

#### Version Task Queue

> If we're currently running our v1 Workflow code on Workers that poll on `queue1`, we can run v2 Workflow code on Workers that poll on `queue2`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're currently running v1 Workflow code on Workers that poll on `queue1`, you can run v2 Workflow code on Workers that poll on `queue2`:
```

1. Leave some Workers running your v1 `Workflow`, on the `queue1` Task Queue.
1. Change your `Workflow` code and spin up new Workers that are polling a `queue2` Task Queue.
1. Cut over your Clients to only call `Workflow` on `queue2` from now on.
1. Remove your v1 Workers when all the v1 Workflows have completed.

#### Version Workflow Name

> While versioning the Task Queue is usually easier, we can also create a new version of a Workflow by copying it and changing its name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although versioning the Task Queue is usually easier, we can also create a new version of a Workflow by copying it and changing its name:
```
